---
title: Version 3.0.0
order: 999
---

!!!warning WIP Warning
These docs are still a WIP. If you can't find what you are looking for, feel free to ask us in Discord
!!!


### Changes

* The config structure has been cleaned up and re-organised. Config is now stored in `config/simple-discord-link/simple-discord-link.toml`
* Bot Token and Webhook URL fields are now ENCRYPTED. Encryption key is stored in `sdlinkstorage/key.enc`. Copy this file if you move the config to a new server!
* SQLite is no longer used for storing Whitelisted and Linked accounts. It's now stored in a JSON file, under `sdlinkstorage`
* You can now use channels and webhooks separately. If a channel is defined for something, but a webhook is not, the channel will be used instead.
* The Whitelist and Account Link systems have been removed and replaced by a new Access Control system.
* Linked Minecraft Commands can now be used outside the console channel
* TellRaw is now better supported, and will only relay messages from @a
* The `/sdreload` command has been removed. All important parts of the config auto-reloads. Things like channel ids, bot token, roles and webhooks require a server restart
* Text based commands `prefix command (~help, ~status, etc)` have been removed
* Removed Staff role config option. Command permissions are now handled by Discord command permissions
* IP Addresses now show as [REDACTED] in console relay
* Linked commands system has been fully redesigned to make it easier to use and configure


***

### New Features

* Messages from other mods that are not caught from other events will now be attempted to be relayed. You can filter these messages in the config
* You can now filter out specific messages from being relayed
* You can now disable the bot status updates by setting the update interval to 0
* SimpleChat is now supported on Fabric
* Vanish is now supported on Fabric and Forge
* You can now mention Roles, Channels and Users from Minecraft chat. Can be disabled in config and requires client side install
* You can now ping roles from pre-configured messages, like Server Starting, Player join etc
* You can now customize embeds with JSON
* Player access can now be controlled with discord roles. Perfect for Patreon only servers.
* Chat relay will now use Linked names (Discord/MC) instead of the default names (if possible, can be disabled in the config)
* Death messages can now be customized
* Added `/reloadembeds` Minecraft command
* Discord -> MC Relay will now show in chat if an attachment was sent to discord (In the format of a text message. No embeds yet)
* Added new config variables to allow you to use the discord color of the user in the chat prefix


***

### Bug Fixes

* Minecraft formatting is now properly stripped from the chat and usernames
* The config now properly reloads itself on edit, without resulting game crashes
* Empty messages are no longer relayed to discord
* Fixed `/say` command relay replacing any instance of the word `me`